docs: Add note to restart snuba after enabling relay (#1058)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/environment/index.mdx

SENTRY_FEATURES['organizations:transaction-metrics-extraction'] = True  # Enables transaction metrics
```

> After enabling relay the `snuba` service has to be reset to pickup the new configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After enabling `KafkaEventStream` the `snuba` service has to be reset to pick up the new configuration:
```
